# Attestations
Attestations for Crypto Currencies
With millions if not billions of Total Locked Value (TVL) in defi projects on the line it is more important then ever the Defi projects are adequately audited for exploits. At no time in human history could so much value be lost so quickly and so easily. 

What is an audit?  An audit is not a declaration of “bug free” code. As the Defi industry as a whole have seen over the past few months exploits can come from many different directions and attack surfaces. As project write more robust smart contracts the exporters have become more creative at how they attack a project. We are now seeing attackers move form smart contacts themselves to the actually API keys. So, it’s important that we talk about auditing the term is used holistically to incorporate every aspect of a project. So as projects become better and better at protecting their TVL It’s important that the Audit industry keep pace and become more robust too. 

It's with the above in mind that I have started an Attestation project. In the traditional audit industry, an attestation is a report on the objective evidence of something. These attestations are not audits. These are more a high-level meta-analysis of the audit reports in question, my findings, any interactions I have with the project team and if/when the project team responded. These are done with proper rules of engagement of any typical penetration testing. I do not and will not preform any attestation and release it into the public domain without corresponding with the project team first. 

That being said, this will be my small attempt to hold both Defi projects and the Audit industry more accountable. Both sides need to apply more effort to rise to the occasion and help prevent massive exploits. Since there are many Defi projects and protocols and so little audit talent available the industry as spawned what I like to call “light touch audits”.  These are single page very top-level vertical slices of a project’s source code that do not go into detail nor do they attach any robust testing methodologies. There are many audit firms out that ether do not have the time, resources, or experience to produce a proper actionable audit report. Many of these project teams asl lack the expertise on their end have no idea what a standard audit report should even look like. Many project teams are spending thousands of dollars on non-value add “report” just to have a tick mark that the projects been audited. They lack the fundaments or are too afraid to even push back at an audit firm during negotiations. Even worse, many of these teams have a false sense of security and somehow feel that once their source code has been audited that its bug free. Nothing could be further from the truth.

So, it’s my goal to spread awareness to both audit firms and project teams on:
1)	The realities of a “real” audit
2)	What the minimum set of exceptions should be from the perspective of the Auditors and Project team. 
3)	Where the Auditors are letting down the project team and vice versa 
4)	And where the Audit industry can do better with communication

To be clear, this project is a criticism of the current state of the industry. But this is not a witch hunt or blame game. This is a public discourse to help propel the Audit industry into a more cohesive standardized sector where expectations can be better managed on both sides. Audit firms need to do better with communications and Project teams need to be better prepared and understand the value add of the audit report or even understand what an acceptable audit report even looks like. 
